What's wrong with Mr. Li?
Isn't that the kid who robbed you that day?
How did they get mixed up?
Do you know the man in the middle?
Wang Kuan?
Who doesn't know him?
Does the boss have the latest model?
There are two bosses
Latest model
Hahaha boss, he takes two BB machines.
Yo
I didn't expect it to happen.
I'm out again
Oh, this is your useless fiancé?
Haha fiancé
What's the matter with Mr. Jin, Uncle Lei?
I used to be blind and saw a trash
I didn't expect people to pick up trash these days
What does your mother mean?
I pick up your trash, don't I?
What's wrong, bastard?
You are not the king of heaven
Mr. Ye is a distinguished guest of our Xu family
If you dare to follow me today
I promise I'll let you go
Xujia Feilong Group
I said this hillbilly
Where did the courage come from to be so arrogant?
It turned out to be looking for a backer
Hahahaha
Industrial
I'm not talking about you.
Don't hide behind others if you have the guts.
How dare you hit my father?